Such a loss
Could it be counterfeit?
How is the jewelry store of the Night Market Group?
That's how you fool people
Caught your store?
Unfortunately, our store is big, but we never cheat customers.
All goods are genuine.
Support professional jewelry appraisal
ten compensations for one fake
And you maliciously damage the goods and must compensate according to the price.
How do you want to knock the bill?
How dare you blackmail your daughter?
You don't want it if you make a mistake.
Whoever he is
He broke something in someone's store
It should be compensated according to the price.
The whole store is a dream
Nothing auntie let's go
Please stay. Our manager is on his way.
Let me, a big lady, wait for a small manager
He will call you dad
I just don't understand the rules
Two people maliciously damage the movie screen recording.
I want to walk away
Just this broken bracelet.
It's okay, you can afford it.
How much is this bracelet 5 million
What 5 million you dare to bid
clearly marked price
From early due
Just check out at the counter.
dream dream
This is 5 million. For you, that's drainage
A hair away
Let's go diving
What they order can't please your dad's old woman
Spent all my savings
How can I have money?